added links to getting started guide (#898)
SAP/luigi: docs/README.md

## Luigi Client

Luigi Client enables you to connect micro frontends or views to the main Luigi Core application. Find the Luigi Client API documentation here and learn more about the functions and parameters used to define lifecycles, links, and the appearance of the application.

* [Lifecycle](luigi-client-api.md#lifecycle) gives you details on the lifecycle of listeners, navigation nodes, and Event data.
* [Link Manager](luigi-client-api.md#linkmanager) allows you to navigate to a specific route.

> * [UX Manager](luigi-client-api.md#uxmanager) helps you manage the appearance features in Luigi, such as the behavior of backdrop or loading indictors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [UX Manager](luigi-client-api.md#uxmanager) helps you manage the appearance features in Luigi, such as the behaviour of backdrop or loading indicators.
```
